Add tendency terms (#92)
E3SM-Project/Omega: components/omega/doc/userGuide/TendencyTerms.md

(omega-user-tend-terms)=

# Tendency Terms

Tendencies for updating state variables are computed using functors, which are
class objects that can be called like functions. These functors are used within
Kokkos parallel loops to compute the full tendency arrays. The following
tendency terms are currently implemented:
| Name | Description |
| ---------------- | ---------------- |
| ThicknessFluxDivOnCell | divergence of layer thickness flux, defined at cell center
| PotentialVortHAdvOnEdge | horizontal advection of potential vorticity, defined on edges
| KEGradOnEdge | gradient of kinetic energy, defined on edges

> | SSHGradONEdge | gradient of sea-surface height, multipled of gravitational acceleration, defined on edges

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| SSHGradOnEdge | gradient of sea-surface height, multiplied by gravitational acceleration, defined on edges
```
